docs: add explanation of composable lifecycle (#8116)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.guide/2.directory-structure/1.composables.md

  }
})
```

## Caution with scoping outside

> Avoid calling other composables in a scope out side the composable function, it will fail to find a Nuxt instance, and you will not know why. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid calling another composable in a scope outside the composable function, it will fail to find a Nuxt instance, and you will not know why. 
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I need to polish my english gramar, I will include those in the next commit.
